Customize python (#3644)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/containers/reference.md

| `dockerBuild.dockerfile` | The file `Dockerfile` in the same directory as the `package.json` resides. |
| `dockerBuild.tag` | The application's `name` property in `package.json` (if defined), else the base name of the folder in which `package.json` resides. |

### Python (docker-build)

**Minimal configuration using defaults**

A Python based Docker image with no specific platform options can just set the `platform` property to `python`:

```json
{
  "tasks": [
      {
      "type": "docker-build",
      "label": "docker-build",
      "platform": "python"
    }
  ]
}
```

**Platform defaults**

For Python Docker images, the `docker-build` task infers the following options:

| Property | Inferred Value |
| --- | --- |
| `dockerBuild.context` | The default context is the workspace folder. |
| `dockerBuild.dockerfile` | The default `Dockerfile` path will be in the root of the workspace folder. |
| `dockerBuild.tag` | The base name of the root workspace folder. |
| `dockerBuild.pull` | Defaults to true in order to pull new base images before building. |

### .NET Core (docker-build)

**Minimal configuration using defaults**

> When building .NET Core-based Docker image, one can omit the `platform` property and just set the `netCore` object (`platform` is implicitly set to `netcore` when `netCore` object is present). Note that `appProject` is a required property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you build a .NET Core-based Docker image, you can omit the `platform` property and just set the `netCore` object (`platform` is implicitly set to `netcore` when `netCore` object is present). Note that `appProject` is a required property:
```
